the race takes escapes into the
tip of a thousand loves the one of antonio
bellardi lame break all these waves
and you can not lose are missing now 250
meters come to the sides while
both now inside I was
subtracting he came to the loving bar and
but you can not lose a thousand loves goes to
win very easily me the crisis exists
in the fight with the mare live it and for
the inner part won a thousand loves in
the second the same distance plus the
fourth crisis made in paris then
the last one arrived but
begins to progress they entered the
final straight in the second of the program and
is dominating being the race wallace
be bullets with santiago gonzález is
dominating the race he escaped and not
You can lose lost property
hitting inside for the second
but very late it dominates being bullets with
santiago gonzález the second of
program and need not do wrong to
second pellets
third that invades imminent quarter the
fifth place is for the horse with
I work then mauro enrique and a straight
final in the third program out
Germanic the Moor has been passing while
so much is defended
returns the line horse dominate the
brother race that in the second
cell phone is improving now inside
for the third street the steering wheel is
but ends up with johan at the
red guards you can not get lost in
Sanremo is paid the galloping number
4 king and win it and at the end of the horse
my third axis for the second game
greatest last great you the third in the
fourth place is now staying by
the central part of beach plate and
when they enter the final straight
'crazy the playón the playón sting law si
they are fighting for the first place
slightly dominates the street this
expression returns sight is for the
third and is improving the street of
beach plates and outside
constancy be the beach is
slightly dominant this stage and by
the outside party returns to the fight
the horses head to head I'm back
and outside the beach for this this place
and it's no longer the classic laugh he has done
I am a playón thinking in plain sight
the fourth place is to see the last
curve touches be dominates when in
the final stretch is thrown from the sun by
of the second line and return to the fight
now through the center there is a pretty
open the horse swift tips
composers fighting the race are
third also comes for the part
inside the callus few parents are
dominating the charge race are
testore for second line have to be
be on the part of having a contract
to be finishing shares these
prophets dominates all for not a few
seconds are to be in the third
be big swift
fourth is traditionalist fifth set
muse and then enter the final straight
mixed nature and dominating the action of
fights by the parties had the
mixed and dominant natural field
sanders insisting on the part
Exterior
Meanwhile Rugby is improving
outside for the third and that is
version is for the mystic natural room
is dominating the horse race
is to take level and can not
lose the first valid with 5 and 6-4
the fourth the fifth goes through the business
continues to depreciate land advances strong
on the outside looking for the
third and the horse is running away
I do not ask for the number 11 I do not know in beat
dominates the competition in the second I'll
to the front in the third prince ignacio
champions pitt stayed in room 200
meters for the arrival the easy wins the
horse do not forget is dominating in
the second one valid for 5 and 6 and
won the race in the cp in the second
in the third prince ignacio fourth
frank goal fifth champions then good
in the last Frankish places they are going
entering the third straight
valid for 5 and 6 the liquefied granca
with good advantage dominating in the
third valid captain Titus runs in the
second ourense there is hit by the
part of the outside is in the third
dominates the great caricuao el del san
gabriel has a very good advantage for
win the third valid for 5 and 6
and the big caricuao wins
final competition closed for
second major by outside second
in the third captain tito quarter
water polo then come the slow on the
central part robertina does it for the
part inside and nobody tries to
join the fight for the part of
outside dominating on the inside
the robertina mare
positions for the central part I am
clown and I failed against robertina
robertina at the top dominating her
image on the outside here is
the arrival and wins robertina number 1 in
the second I am pallet third anaya
in the fourth place came straight honeycomb
final in full straight four copies
with good chances of success is
trying to master the exemplary
economist is returns to the fight and
mohican sneaks in from the inside
very expensive inside the king guajiros by
the part of outside economist is
dominating the economist career
keeps in the mohican point inside
for the second hundred meters for the
arrival dominates economist towards the number
three and won them the race d'economistes
in the second mohican the third for
the guajiro king the fourth to list the
champions then leave with new river
the last the sixth final valid for
the game of five and six
pauli mother is dominating but already falls
explosive strong more for the part
outside and also estefanía al asad
this farías to the salt has come to the
explosive point more is now in the
second
pauli bar is retrograde giving me
tribes traquetos that the third one is
approach the goal dominating Stephanie
to room number five in the sixth
valid for five and six with
explosive more for the second I earn them
estefanía rooms to the second place and
guamá
in the third link top in the fourth
place pauli sea in the fifth arnel and
worth the dry
the exotic plays are the ones that
pagan I present you four ways to win
in a single winning race you win
hitting the first copy in a
exact race wins by hitting the two
first copies in a single race
Trifecta wins by hitting all three
first places in a race
perfect you want by hitting the four
first copies in a race plays
exotic and earns more